CF Available as part of the "PureFoundation" package.
ICU International Components for Unicode text processing library.
IOKitUser Interface between the kernel and device drivers.
Libinfo Static library stubs.
Libsyscall Static library stubs.
PureFoundation Clone of Apple's Foundation objective-C library. Includes a patched version of CFLite.
Security System Security.framework.
adv_cmds Command line tools including finger, whois and locale.
architecture Architecture-specific header files.
at_cmds AppleTalk command line tools.
autoconf Tools to automatically generate configuration scripts.
autofs Tools to manage network-mounted filesystems.
autozone Apple's garbage collector.
bash The Bourne Again SHell
basic_cmds The uudecode, uuencode, write and mesg tools.
bless EFI boot tool.
bootstrap_cmds Tools including mig and config.
bsm Basic Security Module.
configd System configuration watchdog daemon and SystemConfiguration.framework.
diskdev_cmds Disk tools including fsck and mount.
file Tool to determine file type.
file_cmds Filesystem tools including ls, cp, mv, rm and mkdir.
files Default filesystem layout.
gnutar GNU Tape ARchive tool.
gnuzip GNU archive compression tool.
launchd System and user process launch daemon.
lua Lua is a powerful, light-weight programming language designed for extending applications. Lua is also frequently used as a general-purpose, standalone language.
libdyld Header files, static libraries and man pages for the dynamic library loader.
libstdcxx Standard C++ dynamic and static libraries, header files and documentation.
libstdcxx_libs Standard C++ dynamic and static libraries, without accompanying header files and documentation (which is available in the "libstdcxx" package).
misc_cmds Tools including calendar and units.
network_cmds Tools including ifconfig, ping and traceroute.
securityd System securityd daemon, which handles authentication tasks.
shell_cmds Tools including pwd, kill and cd.
syslog The Apple System Logger.
system_config com.apple.Boot.plist boot configuration file.
xnu The Darwin kernel, along with supporting libraries.
zfs ZFS is a new kind of filesystem developed by Sun Microsystems that provides simple administration, transactional semantics, end-to-end data integrity, and immense scalability.
